.TH "include/ccn/ Directory Reference" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/ccn/ Directory Reference \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Files"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBbloom.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIBloom filters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIThis is the low-level interface for CCNx clients. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_private.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIAdditional operations that are irrevalent for most clients. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccnd.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIDefinitions pertaining to the CCNx daemon. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBcharbuf.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIExpandable character buffer for counted sequences of arbitrary octets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBcoding.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIDetails of the ccn binary wire encoding. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBdigest.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMessage digest interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBextend_dict.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIDictionary extension routines. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBface_mgmt.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBhashtb.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIHash table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBheader.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBindexbuf.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIExpandable buffer of non-negative values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBkeystore.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIKEYSTORE interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBmatrix.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBmerklepathasn1.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIASN.1 support routines for dealing with the Merkle paths encapsulated in the digest info. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBrandom.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPseudo-random number generation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBreg_mgmt.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBschedule.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIEvent scheduling. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBseqwriter.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBsigning.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMessage signing interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBsockaddrutil.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIsockaddr utilities \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBsockcreate.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBuri.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIccn-scheme uri conversions. \fP"
.in -1c
