.TH "ccnd/android_main.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccnd/android_main.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBlogger\fP (void *loggerdata, const char *format, va_list ap)"
.br
.RI "\fICopyright (C) 2009,2010 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstart_ccnd\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static int logger (void * loggerdata, const char * format, va_list ap)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009,2010 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc. This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. This module replaces ccnd_main on the android platform. It includes the methods a JNI interface would use to start ccnd. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file android_main.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_setup_socket(), and start_ccnd().
.SS "int start_ccnd (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file android_main.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
