.TH "lib/basicparsetest.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/basicparsetest.c \- 
.PP
A CCNx test program.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is for testing. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A CCNx test program. 

Copyright (C) 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBbasicparsetest.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
This is for testing. Reads ccnb-encoded data from stdin and tries parsing with various parsers, and when successful turns the result back into ccnb and tests for goodness. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file basicparsetest.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
