.TH "cmd/ccn_splitccnb.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccn_splitccnb.c \- 
.PP
Utility to break up a file filled with ccnb-encoded data items into one data item per file.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static char * \fBsegment_prefix\fP (char *path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBwrite_segment\fP (unsigned char *data, size_t s, struct fstate *perfilestate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBprocess_test\fP (unsigned char *data, size_t n, struct fstate *perfilestate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBprocess_fd\fP (int fd, struct fstate *perfilestate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBprocess_file\fP (char *path, struct fstate *perfilestate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Utility to break up a file filled with ccnb-encoded data items into one data item per file. 

A CCNx command-line utility.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_splitccnb.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.SS "static int process_fd (int fd, struct fstate * perfilestate)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_file().
.SS "static int process_file (char * path, struct fstate * perfilestate)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "static int process_test (unsigned char * data, size_t n, struct fstate * perfilestate)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_fd().
.SS "static char* segment_prefix (char * path)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_file().
.SS "static int write_segment (unsigned char * data, size_t s, struct fstate * perfilestate)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ccn_splitccnb.c.
.PP
Referenced by process_test().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
