.TH "lib/ccn_match.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/ccn_match.c \- 
.PP
Support for the match predicate between interest and content.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_digest_ContentObject\fP (const unsigned char *content_object, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP *pc)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute the digest of the entire ContentObject if necessary, caching the result in pc->digest, pc->digest_bytes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBccn_pubid_matches\fP (const unsigned char *content_object, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP *pc, const unsigned char *interest_msg, const struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP *pi)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_content_matches_interest\fP (const unsigned char *content_object, size_t content_object_size, int implicit_content_digest, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP *pc, const unsigned char *interest_msg, size_t interest_msg_size, const struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP *pi)"
.br
.RI "\fITest for a match between a ContentObject and an Interest. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Support for the match predicate between interest and content. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_match.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int ccn_content_matches_interest (const unsigned char * content_object, size_t content_object_size, int implicit_content_digest, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP * pc, const unsigned char * interest_msg, size_t interest_msg_size, const struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP * pi)"
.PP
Test for a match between a ContentObject and an Interest. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcontent_object\fP ccnb-encoded ContentObject 
.br
\fIcontent_object_size\fP its size in bytes 
.br
\fIimplicit_content_digest\fP boolean indicating whether the final name component is implicit (as in the on-wire format) or explicit (as within ccnd's content store). 
.br
\fIpc\fP Valid parse information may be provided to speed things up. If NULL it will be reconstructed internally. 
.br
\fIinterest_msg\fP ccnb-encoded Interest 
.br
\fIinterest_msg_size\fP its size in bytes 
.br
\fIpi\fP see _pc_
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if the ccnb-encoded content_object matches the ccnb-encoded interest_msg, otherwise 0. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file ccn_match.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_dispatch_message(), ccnd_answer_req(), consume_matching_interests(), incoming_interest(), interest_handler(), process_incoming_interest(), and seqw_incoming_interest().
.SS "void ccn_digest_ContentObject (const unsigned char * content_object, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP * pc)"
.PP
Compute the digest of the entire ContentObject if necessary, caching the result in pc->digest, pc->digest_bytes. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ccn_match.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_content_matches_interest(), incoming_content(), and process_incoming_content().
.SS "static int ccn_pubid_matches (const unsigned char * content_object, struct \fBccn_parsed_ContentObject\fP * pc, const unsigned char * interest_msg, const struct \fBccn_parsed_interest\fP * pi)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ccn_match.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_content_matches_interest().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
