.TH "lib/ccn_bulkdata.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/ccn_bulkdata.c \- 
.PP
(INCOMPLETE)Support for transport of bulk data.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBccn_seqfunc\fP (uintmax_t x, void *param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *resultbuf)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_decimal_seqfunc\fP (uintmax_t x, void *param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *resultbuf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_binary_seqfunc\fP (uintmax_t x, void *param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *resultbuf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBdeliver_content\fP (struct ccn *h, struct bulkdata *b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBexpress_bulkdata_interest\fP (struct ccn *h, struct pending *b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBimcoming_bulkdata\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBccn_seqfunc\fP \fBccn_decimal_seqfunc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBccn_seqfunc\fP \fBccn_binary_seqfunc\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
(INCOMPLETE)Support for transport of bulk data. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_bulkdata.c\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef void \fBccn_seqfunc\fP(uintmax_t x, void *param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *resultbuf)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ccn_binary_seqfunc (uintmax_t x, void * param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * resultbuf)"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.SS "void ccn_decimal_seqfunc (uintmax_t x, void * param, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * resultbuf)"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.SS "static enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP deliver_content (struct ccn * h, struct bulkdata * b)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.PP
Referenced by imcoming_bulkdata().
.SS "static void express_bulkdata_interest (struct ccn * h, struct pending * b)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 189 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.PP
Referenced by imcoming_bulkdata().
.SS "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP imcoming_bulkdata (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file ccn_bulkdata.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBccn_seqfunc\fP ccn_binary_seqfunc"
.PP
Referenced by ccn_binary_seqfunc().
.SS "\fBccn_seqfunc\fP ccn_decimal_seqfunc"
.PP
Referenced by ccn_decimal_seqfunc().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
