.TH "ccn_signing_params" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ccn_signing_params \- 
.PP
Parameters for creating signed content objects.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBapi_version\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsp_flags\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * \fBtemplate_ccnb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBpubid\fP [32]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBccn_content_type\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfreshness\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Parameters for creating signed content objects. 

A pointer to one of these may be passed to \fBccn_sign_content()\fP for cases where the default signing behavior does not suffice. For the default (sign with the user's default key pair), pass NULL for the pointer.
.PP
The recommended way to us this is to create a local variable:
.PP
struct \fBccn_signing_params\fP myparams = CCN_SIGNING_PARAMS_INIT;
.PP
and then fill in the desired fields. This way if additional parameters are added, it won't be necessary to go back and modify exiting clients.
.PP
The template_ccnb may contain a ccnb-encoded SignedInfo to supply selected fields from under the direction of sp_flags. It is permitted to omit unneeded fields from the template, even if the schema says they are manditory.
.PP
If the pubid is all zero, the user's default key pair is used for signing. Otherwise the corresponding private key must have already been supplied to the handle using \fBccn_load_private_key()\fP or equivalent.
.PP
The default signing key is obtained from ~/.ccnx/.ccnx_keystore unless the CCNX_DIR is used to override the directory location. 
.PP
Definition at line 701 of file ccn.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBccn_signing_params::api_version\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 702 of file ccn.h.
.SS "int \fBccn_signing_params::freshness\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 707 of file ccn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_chk_signing_params(), ccn_sign_content(), ccnd_answer_req(), and ccnd_init_service_ccnb().
.SS "unsigned char \fBccn_signing_params::pubid\fP[32]"
.PP
Definition at line 705 of file ccn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_chk_signing_params(), ccn_get_public_key(), ccn_sign_content(), and ccnd_init_internal_keystore().
.SS "int \fBccn_signing_params::sp_flags\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 703 of file ccn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_chk_signing_params(), ccn_sign_content(), ccnd_init_service_ccnb(), main(), and seqw_next_cob().
.SS "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP* \fBccn_signing_params::template_ccnb\fP\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 704 of file ccn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_chk_signing_params(), ccnd_init_service_ccnb(), and main().
.SS "enum \fBccn_content_type\fP \fBccn_signing_params::type\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 706 of file ccn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_sign_content(), ccnd_init_service_ccnb(), and main().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
