.TH "cmd/ccnbx.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccnbx.c \- 
.PP
Utility to extract a field from ccn binary encoded data.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCNBX_OPT_UNADORNED\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCNBX_OPT_VERBOSE\fP   2"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBusage\fP (const char *progname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBdtag_lookup\fP (const char *key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBccnbx\fP (const char *path, const char *selector, int opt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Utility to extract a field from ccn binary encoded data. 

A CCNx command-line utility.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccnbx.c\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define CCNBX_OPT_UNADORNED   1"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file ccnbx.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnbx(), and main().
.SS "#define CCNBX_OPT_VERBOSE   2"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file ccnbx.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnbx(), and main().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static int ccnbx (const char * path, const char * selector, int opt)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
\fBBug\fP
.RS 4
This would be confused by attributes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ccnbx.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "static int dtag_lookup (const char * key)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ccnbx.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccnbx().
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file ccnbx.c.
.SS "static void usage (const char * progname)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file ccnbx.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
