.TH "include/ccn/ccnd.h" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/ccn/ccnd.h \- 
.PP
Definitions pertaining to the CCNx daemon.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_DEFAULT_LOCAL_SOCKNAME\fP   '/tmp/.ccnd.sock'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_LOCAL_PORT_ENVNAME\fP   'CCN_LOCAL_PORT'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_DEFAULT_UNICAST_PORT_NUMBER\fP   9695U"
.br
.RI "\fIccnx registered port number see http://www.iana.org/assignments/port-numbers \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_DEFAULT_UNICAST_PORT\fP   '9695'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_EMPTY_PDU\fP   'CCN\\202\\000'"
.br
.RI "\fILink adapters sign on by sending this greeting to ccnd. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCN_EMPTY_PDU_LENGTH\fP   5"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definitions pertaining to the CCNx daemon. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccnd.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define CCN_DEFAULT_LOCAL_SOCKNAME   '/tmp/.ccnd.sock'"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file ccnd.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_setup_sockaddr_un().
.SS "#define CCN_DEFAULT_UNICAST_PORT   '9695'"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ccnd.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_setup_sockaddr_un(), ccnd_create(), ccnd_usage(), collect_faces_html(), collect_stats_html(), main(), open_socket(), and process_command_tokens().
.SS "#define CCN_DEFAULT_UNICAST_PORT_NUMBER   9695U"
.PP
ccnx registered port number see http://www.iana.org/assignments/port-numbers 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file ccnd.h.
.SS "#define CCN_EMPTY_PDU   'CCN\\202\\000'"
.PP
Link adapters sign on by sending this greeting to ccnd. Not for use over the wire. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file ccnd.h.
.PP
Referenced by main(), and send_remote_unencapsulated().
.SS "#define CCN_EMPTY_PDU_LENGTH   5"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file ccnd.h.
.PP
Referenced by main(), and send_remote_unencapsulated().
.SS "#define CCN_LOCAL_PORT_ENVNAME   'CCN_LOCAL_PORT'"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file ccnd.h.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_setup_sockaddr_un(), ccnd_create(), collect_stats_html(), and main().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
