.TH "cmd/ccnrm.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/ccnrm.c \- 
.PP
Mark as stale any local items a matching given prefixes.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBusage\fP (const char *progname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * \fBlocal_scope_rm_template\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBincoming_content\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static struct \fBccn_closure\fP \fBincoming_content_action\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Mark as stale any local items a matching given prefixes. 

A CCNx command-line utility.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccnrm.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP incoming_content (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ccnrm.c.
.SS "struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP* local_scope_rm_template (void)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file ccnrm.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file ccnrm.c.
.SS "static void usage (const char * progname)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file ccnrm.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBccn_closure\fP \fBincoming_content_action\fP\fC [static]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
    .p = &incoming_content,
    .data = &mydata
}
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ccnrm.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
