.TH "cmd/dataresponsetest.c" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmd/dataresponsetest.c \- 
.PP
A CCNx command-line utility.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP \fBinterest_handler\fP (struct \fBccn_closure\fP *selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP *info)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmatch_components\fP (unsigned char *msg1, struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *comp1, unsigned char *msg2, struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *comp2)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A CCNx command-line utility. 

Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This work is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This work is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBdataresponsetest.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBccn_upcall_res\fP interest_handler (struct \fBccn_closure\fP * selfp, enum \fBccn_upcall_kind\fP upcall_kind, struct \fBccn_upcall_info\fP * info)"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file dataresponsetest.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int main (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file dataresponsetest.c.
.SS "int match_components (unsigned char * msg1, struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * comp1, unsigned char * msg2, struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * comp2)"
.PP
Definition at line 193 of file dataresponsetest.c.
.PP
Referenced by interest_handler().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
