.TH "include/ccn/indexbuf.h" 3 "4 Nov 2010" "Version 0.3.0" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/ccn/indexbuf.h \- 
.PP
Expandable buffer of non-negative values.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * \fBccn_indexbuf_create\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new indexbuf. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_indexbuf_destroy\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP **cbp)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeallocate indexbuf. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t * \fBccn_indexbuf_reserve\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *c, size_t n)"
.br
.RI "\fIExpand buffer as necessary to hold at least n more values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_indexbuf_append\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *c, const size_t *p, size_t n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_indexbuf_append_element\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *c, size_t v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_indexbuf_member\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_indexbuf_remove_element\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_indexbuf_set_insert\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_indexbuf_remove_first_match\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_indexbuf_move_to_end\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_indexbuf_move_to_front\fP (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP *x, size_t val)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Expandable buffer of non-negative values. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBindexbuf.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int ccn_indexbuf_append (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * c, const size_t * p, size_t n)"
.PP
Referenced by handle_simple_incoming_content().
.SS "int ccn_indexbuf_append_element (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * c, size_t v)"
.PP
Referenced by ccn_indexbuf_set_insert(), ccn_parse_Name(), content_skiplist_insert(), get_outbound_faces(), and process_incoming_content().
.SS "struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP* ccn_indexbuf_create (void)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Create a new indexbuf. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file ccn_indexbuf.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_create_version(), ccn_dispatch_message(), ccn_indexbuf_obtain(), ccn_name_chop(), ccn_name_next_sibling(), ccn_parse_interest(), ccn_resolve_version(), ccn_sign_content(), ccnd_create(), ccnd_reg_uri(), ccnd_req_prefix_or_self_reg(), ccnd_req_unreg(), ccnd_start_notice(), ccnd_uri_listen(), content_queue_create(), content_skiplist_insert(), decode_message(), deliver_content(), get_outbound_faces(), indexbuf_obtain(), interest_handler(), main(), process_test(), and update_forward_to().
.SS "void ccn_indexbuf_destroy (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP ** cbp)"
.PP
Deallocate indexbuf. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file ccn_indexbuf.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_create_version(), ccn_destroy(), ccn_dispatch_message(), ccn_indexbuf_release(), ccn_name_chop(), ccn_name_next_sibling(), ccn_parse_interest(), ccn_resolve_version(), ccn_sign_content(), ccnd_destroy(), ccnd_internal_client_stop(), ccnd_reg_uri(), ccnd_req_prefix_or_self_reg(), ccnd_req_unreg(), ccnd_start_notice(), ccnd_uri_listen(), check_forward_to(), consume(), content_queue_destroy(), content_skiplist_remove(), decode_message(), deliver_content(), finalize_nameprefix(), indexbuf_release(), interest_handler(), main(), propagate_interest(), and update_forward_to().
.SS "int ccn_indexbuf_member (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.PP
Referenced by do_propagate(), face_send_queue_insert(), process_incoming_content(), and process_incoming_interest().
.SS "void ccn_indexbuf_move_to_end (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.PP
Referenced by update_forward_to().
.SS "void ccn_indexbuf_move_to_front (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.SS "void ccn_indexbuf_remove_element (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.SS "int ccn_indexbuf_remove_first_match (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.PP
Referenced by do_propagate().
.SS "size_t* ccn_indexbuf_reserve (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * c, size_t n)"
.PP
Expand buffer as necessary to hold at least n more values. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to reserved space 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file ccn_indexbuf.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_indexbuf_append(), and ccn_indexbuf_append_element().
.SS "int ccn_indexbuf_set_insert (struct \fBccn_indexbuf\fP * x, size_t val)"
.PP
Referenced by ccnd_face_status_change(), ccnd_start_notice(), face_send_queue_insert(), replan_propagation(), and update_forward_to().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
